add docs on how to use VS Codespaces/VS Code (#17430) (#386)
microsoft/Quantum: README.md

A small number of the samples have additional installation requirements beyond those for the rest of the Quantum Development Kit.
These are noted in the README.md files for each sample, along with complete installation instructions.

## Getting started ##

You can find instructions on how to install the Quantum Development Kit in [our online documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/install-guide/), which also includes
an introduction to [quantum programming concepts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/quantum/concepts/).

> For a quick guide on how to set up a development environment from scratch using [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com) or [Visual Studio Codespaces](https://online.visualstudio.com/login), see [here](#setting-up-your-development-environment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a quick guide on how to set up a development environment from scratch using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) or [Visual Studio Codespaces](https://online.visualstudio.com/login), see [here](#setting-up-your-development-environment).
```

We also encourage taking a look at the [unit tests](./samples/tests) used to check the correctness of the Quantum Development Kit samples.

## Setting up your development environment ##

This repo contains several configuration files that will make it easy to get started with coding. Below we lay out some instructions for getting started with [VSCode](#visual-studio-code) or [Visual Studio Codespaces](#visual-studio-codespaces). The latter will use the Docker image that has all dependencies pre-installed for you. If you prefer working with Jupyter notebooks, we also provide instructions for how to set that up [below](#running-a-jupyter-notebook-with-docker).

### Visual Studio Codespaces ###

For minimal set-up time, we recommend using [Visual Studio Codespaces](https://online.visualstudio.com/login) in the browser. To get started, perform the following steps:

1. Create an Azure account [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/), if you don't already have one. You'll have to set up payment information - note that you get $200 of free credit and you won't be charged unless you upgrade.

> 2. Create a Codespace environment. Please follow the quickstart guide [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/online/quickstarts/browser).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a Codespaces environment. Please follow the quickstart guide [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/online/quickstarts/browser).
```

When creating the Codespace, make sure to enter `microsoft/Quantum` in the "Git Repository" field, see below screenshot.

![Codespaces settings](./docs/images/Codespaces_settings.png)

> When you click "Create", a new Codespace instance is created with a development environment based on the Docker container that is defined in this repo's Dockerfile. Recommended plug-ins are also automatically installed for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click "Create", a new Codespace instance is created with a development environment based on the Docker container that is defined in this repo's Dockerfile. Recommended extensions are also automatically installed for you.
```

1. Done! You can now start developing using Q# in your browser. Open a terminal to start running your first samples (see [here](#first-samples)).

### Visual Studio Code ###

> If you prefer to develop code locally, we recommend to install an editor such as [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download). To get started in VS Code, simply install the editor from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/download). Download this repository to your computer and open the folder in VS Code. The editor will automatically recognize the files in the `.vscode` folder and request you to install the recommended extension. This includes the [Microsoft Quantum Development Kit for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=quantum.quantum-devkit-vscode) extension which is the fastest way to get started with the QDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to develop code locally, we recommend to install an editor such as [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download). To get started in VS Code, simply install the editor from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/download). Download this repository to your computer and open the folder in VS Code. The editor will automatically recognize the files in the `.vscode` folder and request you to install the recommended extension. This includes the [Microsoft Quantum Development Kit for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=quantum.quantum-devkit-vscode) extension, which is the fastest way to get started with the QDK.
```

> If you prefer to develop code locally, we recommend to install an editor such as [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download). To get started in VS Code, simply install the editor from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/download). Download this repository to your computer and open the folder in VS Code. The editor will automatically recognize the files in the `.vscode` folder and request you to install the recommended extension. This includes the [Microsoft Quantum Development Kit for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=quantum.quantum-devkit-vscode) extension which is the fastest way to get started with the QDK.

Reviewer: For local usage, users will also need the .NET Core SDK; should we list that here as well?

Author: Good point, will add, thanks

Open a terminal to start running your first samples (see [here](#first-samples)).

> ### Running a Jupyter Notebook with Docker

Reviewer: Should this mention that the `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file provided with this repo automatically integrates the Docker container with VS Code?

Author: I'm not sure this is within the scope of this PR. I think it would make more sense to add that to our Docs.

Reviewer: Fair enough, I guess my only thought was that the discussion is specific to how to use this repo rather than the Quantum Development Kit as a whole. It may be helpful even just to link to existing docs at https://github.com/microsoft/Quantum/blob/master/.devcontainer/README.md.

Author: Sure, I think it would be really helpful to document it somewhere, including the links to the right docs to use. I just think that this is not in scope for this specific PR :)
